Team Members:
Emily Raventos, Mitch Coleman, Anna Arutyunova, Joseph Harris, Ynno Plucena
Requirements: 
25 pts each for projects.
5 pts for Identification of Influence and ILO
5 pts for Identification of Values and Vision
5 pts for Identification of SMART Goal
5 pts for Identification of Audience
5 pts for Identification of Milestones
List the values associated with the project & a statement of the
project vision
Describe each of your roles
A statement of your vision of success
Each project must be a minimum of 10-20 hours.
The project will have a Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Realistic, Timely Goal.
Definition of the Goal: Who, What, Where, When, How & Why
List of Milestone, Achievements, Checkpoints, and Deliverables

Ropes Course
Goal: In the next week, our group will do the ropes course on campus together. We’ll build our communication and problem-solving skills as we work together to make it through. We will learn the specifics of our roles when we get there and talk to the employees. We will be going through the whole course.
 (who - our group; what - ropes course; where - ropes course by upper fields; when - next week; how - take the course, coordinate w/each other and ropes course workers; why - fun, builds communication skills)
Service Project
Goal: In the next two weeks, our group will offer service to the residents of the Homestead assisted living by visiting and playing games with the residents. https://www.justserve.org/projects/a54a9ac3-841e-452a-a845-ef807835efc9

Game Night
Goal: In the next 3 weeks, our group will have a game night with one another to get to know one another better. It’s important to know your teammate’s talents, strengths, interests, values, and so on. A really good way to get to know these things is sitting down with one another and playing different types of games. 
Attend a CSEE Event
By going and attending a CSEE event, we will be able to learn more about our majors and share what we are interested in doing with our majors as well. By learning more about what we like to do, we are able to have a stronger team by knowing our strengths and weaknesses. 
